URL: http://itsmfleaders.org/#content
Title: Home - ITSMF

Home - ITSMF
Job Board
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
ITSMF ePayments
Login to ITSMF Leader Portal
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Select Page
LEADERS TRANSFORMING LEADERS
Magnifying
Excellence
in Technology
Learn More
Donate
01
ENRICH
YOUR DEVELOPMENT
VIEW UPCOMING EVENTS
02
BE A CATALYST
FOR CHANGE
VIEW PARTNERSHIP INFO
03
JOIN THE
ITSMF FAMILY
VIEW MEMBERSHIP INFO
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO KNOW?
Attend an Event
Donate to ITSMF
Become a Partner
Join the ITSMF Family
Sponsor a Student
Sponsor an Event
Speak at a Symposium
SAY ITSMF, THINK
It’s My Family
OUR MISSION
ITSMF prepares professionals for executive roles in technology, to impact organizational innovation and growth. We do this by developing and nurturing these dynamic leaders through enrichment of the mind, body and soul.
OUR VISION
We envision a world with barrier-free opportunities for technology leaders, innovators, and influencers.
OUR VALUES
We believe that information technology and technology platforms connect people and ideas; nurtured leaders can transform future leaders… Mind, body and soul; and invites new perspectives needed for innovation.
Carl Williams
Memorial Scholarship
One of our founders and Chair Emeritus Carl Williams recently passed away on July 2, 2022. As his presence will be forever missed, ITSMF has named a scholarship in honor of the inaugural founder and chair who, alongside thirteen IT executives, founded the Information Technology Senior Management Forum in 1996. This scholarship recipient embodies the spirit of leadership and the pursuit of creating a path for others to follow.
Donate
TRANSITIONING FROM COLLEGE TO CAREER
ITSMF College Mentoring & Scholarship Program
Apply For Program
Become a Mentor
LEARN AND GROW
A partnership to enhance your personal and professional development.  Enter ITSMF10 (case-sensitive) at checkout to get a 10% discount.  And the best part is that 40-50% of your tuition goes to the ITSMF Foundation to fund scholarships for enterprising young scholars.
More Information
WE’RE PASSIONATELY DRIVEN TO
Nurture, Connect, and Develop
Leaders in Technology
NURTURE
TECH LEADERS
ITSMF is the preferred executive development organization for leaders in Technology.
When members join, we welcome them in as family. We offer a safe place where they feel seen, heard, valued and supported, often in ways they’ve never experienced before. We’ve created an environment that celebrates and encourages technology excellence, while successfully nurturing the next generation of technology professionals.
Our members are accomplished mid-level professionals, senior-level executives, CIOs and business leaders from Fortune 1000 companies, the public sector, non-profits and academia as well as owners of well-established tech businesses.
We’re a place to come to get full. Join us today!
Explore Academies & Programs
CONNECT
COMPANIES WITH PIVOTAL LEADERSHIP
We are who we serve. Therefore, we are uniquely equipped to impact innovation in imaginative and enduring ways. We’re committed to transforming the landscape of technology leaders so that individuals and companies can develop and connect – deepening awareness, accountability, and action.
Our partners rely on us for the rigor of our renowned academies and invaluable mentoring and networking opportunities that cultivate and nurture the tech leaders within their companies.
We share a joint mission to ensure that all companies have access to engaged leaders to drive inclusion and innovation while strengthening the executive pipeline with the next generation of technology executives.
Become a Partner for Change
DEVELOP
STRONGER, ENGAGED COMMUNITIES
Perhaps the greatest responsibility we honor is the one for the communities in which we live and work. It is an undeniable truth that as our communities thrive, so do we.
Our mission extends beyond the members we serve. Working collaboratively with our community ambassadors and strategic allies, we craft programs to connect our member family with causes around the country.
We do this worthy work dutifully and joyfully, leveraging the might of our organization’s brain trust, network and influence.
Our community outreach is a cornerstone of our legacy-building initiatives where our members act as stewards to forge stronger communities.
Get Involved
YOU’RE INVITED
Refreshingly Authentic Events
View Events Page
“
At Microsoft, our employees have been so grateful for our partnership with ITSMF. We continue to receive positive feedback on the many experiences they participate in, including the Academies, the Symposiums, the Leaders of Color workshop, the forums with CxOs, and more. Looking forward to continuing in this partnership as our employees grow into the leadership potential we value at Microsoft.
Mary Ellen Smith
Corporate Vice President
Microsoft Business Operations
GET YOUR INSIDER ACCESS TODAY!
Join ITSMF’s subscriber list and be among the first to hear about
leadership resources, upcoming events, program news, ways to engage and more.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Δ
© Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved
+1 (404) 514-4845 • connect@itsmfleaders.org
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
ITSMF Code of Conduct Policy
X
Pin It on Pinterest
Skip to content